Describe VectorMap - Custom Annotations (#247)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Charts/PolarChartAnnotations/description.md

> Annotations are images and text blocks that provide additional information about the visualized data.

Reviewer: Let's replace "provide" with "display". Ray mentioned several times that we overuse "provide" and not always use it appropriately. 

```suggestion
Annotations are images and text blocks that display additional information about the visualized data.
```

> Annotations are containers for images, text blocks and custom content that display additional information about the visualized data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Annotations are containers for images, text blocks, and custom content that display additional information about the visualized data.
```

To configure annotations, assign an array of objects to the [annotations](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxPolarChart/Configuration/annotations/) option. To specify settings for all annotations, use the [commonAnnotationSettings](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxPolarChart/Configuration/commonAnnotationSettings/) object. Individual settings take precedence over common settings.

> Each annotation's [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxPolarChart/Configuration/annotations/#type) attribute should be set to *"text"* or *"image"*. In this demo, all annotations have the *"text"* type.

Reviewer: The word "should" leaves some uncertainty. I "should" implies that maybe I don't do it. What happens then? If there is no way this property can be set to anything other than "text" or "image", I wouldn't use the word "should". 

 ```suggestion
You can set each annotation's [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxPolarChart/Configuration/annotations/#type) attribute to *"text"* or *"image"*. This demo shows only *"text"* annotations.
```

> Annotations can be added at specific coordinates or anchored to a **PolarChart** element. This demo illustrates annotation placement:  

Reviewer: Made it more active and clarified the second sentence a bit: 

```suggestion
You can place annotations at specific coordinates or anchor them to **PolarChart** elements. This demo illustrates the following annotation placement methods:  
```

> You can set each annotation's [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxPolarChart/Configuration/annotations/#type) attribute to *"text"*, *"image"*, or *"custom"*. This demo shows only *"text"* annotations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can set each annotation's [type](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxPolarChart/Configuration/annotations/#type) option to *"text"*, *"image"*, or *"custom"*. This demo shows only *"text"* annotations.
```

> - [Angle](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxPolarChart/Configuration/annotations/#angle) and [radius](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxPolarChart/Configuration/annotations/#radius) options specify the position of annotations with seasons names.

Reviewer: If you mean "names of seasons", then it should be "season names", i.e. first word singular. It acts like an adjective if used this way. 

```suggestion
- [Angle](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxPolarChart/Configuration/annotations/#angle) and [radius](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxPolarChart/Configuration/annotations/#radius) options specify the position of annotations with season names.
```

- Annotations with temperatures are anchored to series, and the [offsetX](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxPolarChart/Configuration/annotations/#offsetX), [paddingTopBottom](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxPolarChart/Configuration/annotations/#paddingTopBottom), and [paddingLeftRight](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxPolarChart/Configuration/annotations/#paddingLeftRight) options specify their position.

> For more information on annotation settings, refer to the [annotations[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxPolarChart/Configuration/annotations/) documentation section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on annotation settings, refer to the [annotations[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Visualization_Widgets/dxPolarChart/Configuration/annotations/) help topic.
```
